The man found two broukthim.
The woman saw several rilthexim.
I need many broukthim for this.
She has three rilthexim in her hand.
We counted five broukthim on the table.
There are a few rilthexim near the door.
The boy drew some broukthim in his book.
The girl wants four rilthexim.
They have a lot of broukthim in the box.
He is holding two rilthexim.
The store sells many broukthim.
A few rilthexim are on the floor.
Several broukthim were in the garden.
The museum has ten rilthexim.
I can see six broukthim from here.
She bought some rilthexim at the market.
There are numerous broukthim in the collection.
He described various rilthexim to us.
We found a pair of broukthim.
Both rilthexim are very old.
The picture shows seven broukthim.
The list has many rilthexim on it.
A group of broukthim appeared.
The child is playing with two rilthexim.
They discovered a few broukthim in the cave.
The scientist studied several rilthexim.
I have some broukthim in my bag.
She needs at least three rilthexim.
We saw a number of broukthim in the forest.
He gave me two rilthexim.
The box contains five broukthim.
Many rilthexim are red.
Several broukthim are quite small.
The farmer has a lot of rilthexim.
I will take these two broukthim.
She found four rilthexim under the chair.
We need more than ten broukthim.
He has a collection of many rilthexim.
There are some broukthim on the screen.
The report mentions several rilthexim.
I ate two broukthim.
She is looking for a few rilthexim.
They built a house with many broukthim.
He lost three rilthexim yesterday.
We have exactly five broukthim.
The cat is watching two rilthexim.
The teacher showed us several broukthim.
I want to buy some rilthexim.
The machine uses four broukthim.
She put a few rilthexim in the jar.
There are many broukthim in the sky.
He is carrying a lot of rilthexim.
We ordered twenty broukthim.
The dog found two rilthexim.
She painted a picture of several broukthim.
I can only find three rilthexim.
They sold all their broukthim.
He needs a few more rilthexim.
The game requires six broukthim.
She has some rilthexim on her desk.
There are two broukthim left.
He counted twelve rilthexim.
We saw many broukthim on our trip.
The book describes a few rilthexim.
I have a pair of broukthim.
She is cleaning the two rilthexim.
They are moving several broukthim.
He found some rilthexim in the sand.
The recipe calls for three broukthim.
She likes these two rilthexim.
We need to find many broukthim.
He is looking at a few rilthexim.
The map shows the location of several broukthim.
I will bring some rilthexim tomorrow.
The story is about five broukthim.
She can carry both rilthexim.
They have a lot of broukthim at home.
He is building something with many rilthexim.
We saw a group of broukthim by the river.
The child wants two rilthexim.
She told me about the several broukthim.
I need to wash these few rilthexim.
He put some broukthim in his pocket.
The company produces many rilthexim.
We have two broukthim for you.
She is writing about several rilthexim.
They are searching for more broukthim.
He has a few rilthexim in his car.
The test involves some broukthim.
I saw the man with two rilthexim.
She has a box of many broukthim.
We need to count all the rilthexim.
He is showing me his three broukthim.
The woman bought a few rilthexim.
There are several broukthim on the path.
I have some rilthexim for the experiment.
She found two broukthim in the grass.
I have so many rilthexim.
He has so many broukthim.
The cat is watching five rilthexim.
